PrivacyPolicy

The developer of the App and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, “us” or “our”) provide this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your access and use of the mobile applications named Hey Beauty: Love & Puzzle (“App”) to help you understand what information we collect, how we use such information, and the recipients with whom we share such information. The App and any data, products, services and associated materials or media supplied with the App are collectively referred to as the “Services”.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of the End User License Agreement, which governs your use of the Services and limits our liability to you. By using our Services, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or the End User License Agreement, DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.

This privacy policy explains how we collect and process your personal data when you access and use our APP applications and services.

1. Consent to Policy

By installing and using the application, you consent to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use and sharing of the personal data described in this Policy. If you do not agree, do not install the application or use the application.

If you are under the age of 16, you will not be able to use the applications and services.

2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:


Provide, maintain and improve the Services;

Send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts and support and administrative messages;

Provide customer service;

Respond to and communicate with you about the Services and other information may be of interest to you;

Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Services;

Protect you from fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect our and others’ rights and property;

Personalize and improve your experience with the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match your profile or interests;

3. Information and Data we collect from you

We collect and process the following personal data and information when you using our applications and services:

Data automatically collected from applications

your device type and model, manufacturer, operating system platform and version, general location (region, country, city, etc), application version, start and end of advertisement browsing, game play status (stage start, end, and operation information)

IP address and Advertising ID (if you use Apple devices, IDFA / if you use Android devices, AAID)

Information you provide when contacting us

Contact information such as your name and email address, and any other information we need to provide support

Data obtained from advertising partners

We may obtain personal information about you from third-party advertising partners, depending on the permission you give to the partner.

Collecting of special categories of personal data

We do not knowingly collect any special categories of personal data (personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation) or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures when providing applications and services.

4. Purpose and Legal basis for use of information

How we use your information

We collect and use your data and information for the following purposes.

Provision and improvement of game services

We use your personal data to distribute applications and provide gaming services, and to improve our services.

In order to properly provide game services, it is necessary to collect, record and use information such as game progress.

We use your information to analyze your personal data and to correct game glitches, improve stability, and develop new services to provide you with a better experience.

We also use the information when sending notifications, including app updates, support and management messages.

Security

We use your information to enhance the security and security of our services.

We use the information to monitor suspicious and unexpected use, keep our services secure and stable, and send you notifications, such as security alerts.

We also use your information to identify and prevent fraud in advertising campaigns.

Advertising display and promotion

We use your information to display ads for our games in applications released by other providers and to display third-party advertisements in our games. While you are playing our games, we may display advertisements for our other games.

We use your personal data to understand your preferences and display better ads.

We also use your personal data to contact you about promotions, events and other news about the services we or our partners offer.

Providing customer support

We use your personal data to respond to your inquiries and provide customer support.

Legal obligation

We use your information where necessary to comply with our legal obligations.


5. Sharing your Information

We may share the your information with partners for the purposes described above.

The privacy policies of each partner are listed in the "Partner List" section.

We may disclose your information in response to law, legal process, lawsuits, and the demands of public and governmental authorities inside and outside your country of residence.

We may disclose your information to public authorities if we believe necessary to protect and challenge the legal rights of us, our customers and partners, and to exercise our legal rights in accordance with relevant laws.

We will not notify you of such disclosures unless required by law.

6. Security of personal information

In order to prevent the loss, destruction, falsification, damage, leakage, etc. of personal information, we will introduce appropriate and reasonable level of security measures to protect personal information. When outsourcing the handling of personal information, we strongly urge you to comply with applicable personal information protection laws and work to maintain the confidentiality of information.

We always make every effort to protect your personal information, but we do not guarantee or represent that your information is fully protected.

7. Rights of users under GDPR or the equivalents

If you are under GDPR or the equivalents, you have the following rights regarding the processing of personal data:

When you exercise the following rights, you can send a request to the contacts listed in the "Contacts" section.

We may ask you to provide certain information in order to identify and correct your data.

Right to withdraw consent

You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with Article 7(3), paragraph 3 of the GDPR.

If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at the address specified in this policy to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of this consent cannot affect the legality of the treatment based on the consent before the withdrawal.

If you withdraw your consent, you will not be able to continue using the applications and services.

Right of access and rectification

You have the right to receive confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data in accordance with Article 15 of the GDPR.

You also have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR.

Right of erasure and restriction of processing

In accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.

You also have the right to restrict the handling of personal data in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR.

However, if your personal data is legitimately used to provide our services and for other purposes, we may reject your request or ask you to postpone the response.

Right to data portability

In accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to receive the personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us to which the personal data have been provided.


8. Data retention period

We will retain your information for as long as necessary to provide the service, unless required by law or unless we accept your request to delete the information.

We will retain and use your information for as long as we need it to comply with our legal obligations.

9. Children's Personal Information Policy

This application and service are not available to users under 16 years of age.

However, we cannot determine if the personal information sent is for persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 16.

10. Contact

Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or opinions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at Emailing address: grayson45366@gmail.com
